solves #35: allow to also whitelist source paths (#42)
Netcentric/aem-classification: aem-classification-validator/README.md

Option | Mandatory | Description
--- | --- | ---
 maps                            | yes       | a comma-separated list of URLs specifying the source for a classification map. Each URL might use the protocols `file:`, for file-based classification maps, `http(s):` for classification maps in the internet or `tccl:` for classification maps being provided via the ThreadContextClassloader. The latter is especially useful with Maven as the TCCL during the execution of a goal of a Maven Plugin is the [Maven Plugin Classpath][4]. 
 whitelistedResourcePathPatterns | no        | a comma-separated list of regular expressions matching an absolute resource path which should not be reported (no matter if its usage violates content classifications or not). The path is referring to the referenced/inherited/overlaid resource path (not the path containing the reference/supertype/overlay).

>  whitelistedSourcePathPatterns   | no        | a comma-separated list of regular expressions matching an absolute source path which should not be reported (no matter if its usage violates content classifications or not). Use this if you know there is an issue with classification for a specific component, but you don't want the problem to spread to other components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 whitelistedSourcePathPatterns   | no        | a comma-separated list of regular expressions matching an absolute source path which should not be reported (no matter if it references resource paths in a way which violates content classifications or not). Use this if you know there is an issue with classification for a specific component, but you don't want the problem to spread to other components.
```

Reviewer: not sure about the naming though, maybe `ignoreViolationsInPropertiesMatchingPathPatterns`?

Author: Sure, I'll change. Can you check the sonar scan? something is wrong with the settings

Reviewer: SonarQube server does not work on forks, you can ignore.
